Master, you are too amazing.
That's not possible.
How can you be so strong, you old thing?
You were just guiding him
How is that possible?
I am a cleaner
How is it possible to understand this?
Okay, I sincerely compete with you
You actually look down on me so much
I hate being threatened the most in my life
Boss Chen, this 100 yuan will be used as a taxi fare for you.
Sit tight and don't send
You all wait for me to go
Give it
53 Ah, I really can't see that kung fu is so good
Where did you learn from Boss Wang?
I can watch you practice here every day
How long has it been?
By the way, I'm going to the hospital tomorrow to accompany my sister to see a doctor.
Gotta take the day off
Master, um, you said Mu Wushuang
He was good at that.
What the hell is going on?
His surname is Muya
Could it be?
What are you guessing?
Wushuang is here to clean up
It was just a coincidence
That's too coincidental.
I guess he must be from the Mu family
How long will people come to us to clean and step on without injury?
People have learned
Why haven't you learned it yet?
Master, I was wrong.
I'm going to practice